Flex Gateway Get Well: Securing APIs pages (#202)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: policies/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-automated-overview.adoc

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
// :page-aliases: api-manager::automated-policies-landing-page.adoc

> Configuring and using automated policies enables your API instance to comply with common security and logging requirements by automatically applying the same set of policies to all APIs running in Flex Gateway, or in Mule. With policy automation, API owners can quickly design, build, and deploy secure and consistent APIs.

Reviewer: This is a long drink of water. Any way to tighten?
Use automated policies to enforce security and logging requirements by applying the same policies to all APIs running in Flex Gateway or Mule.

Reviewer: The last sentence of line 7 has some repetition with lines 9 and 11.

Consider "you" instead of "API owners".

Author: All fixed. Redundancies removed.

With automated policies, API owners can deploy their APIs with confidence because the target environment automatically enforces critical polices. This ensures consistency and reduces possible errors. An administrator no longer needs to remember to insert a policy to enforce common standards manually.

Because best practices are built into the application network, API owners can design, build, and deploy APIs quickly without compromising security.

> All of the xref:policies-included-directory.adoc[included policies], and any xref:policies::policies-custom-overview.adoc[custom policy] can be configured as automated policies and can be applied at all the API’s running under an environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure all xref:policies-included-directory.adoc[included policies] and xref:policies::policies-custom-overview.adoc[custom policies] as automated policies and apply them to the APIs running in an environment.
```

== Automated Policies in Mule

The following rules apply to automated policies in Mule:

> * Automated policies are only available for Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4 APIs using a MuleSoft-hosted control plane.

Reviewer: Usually, the first instance of Mule has the expanded name.

Author: Fixed

> * Automated policies support all runtime deployment targets (CloudHub, Runtime Fabric, and Hybrid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automated policies support all runtime deployment targets (CloudHub, Runtime Fabric, and hybrid).
```

Reviewer: CloudHub 1 or 2 or both?

Author: Both. Should I specify this?

Author: Fixed "hybrid".

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
// :page-aliases: api-manager::automated-policies-landing-page.adoc

Use automated policies to enforce security and logging requirements by applying the same policies to all APIs running in Flex Gateway or Mule. With policy automation, you can quickly design, build, and deploy secure and consistent APIs.

> Automated policies enable you to deploy APIs with confidence because the target environment automatically enforces critical polices, resulting in reduced errors. An administrator no longer needs to remember to insert a policy to enforce common standards manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated policies enable you to deploy APIs with confidence because the target environment automatically enforces critical policies, resulting in reduced errors. An administrator no longer needs to remember to insert a policy to enforce common standards manually.
```

You can configure all xref:policies-included-directory.adoc[included policies] and xref:policies::policies-custom-overview.adoc[custom policies] as automated policies and apply them to the APIs running in an environment.

== Automated Policies in Mule

The following rules apply to automated policies in Mule runtime engine (Mule):

> * Automated policies are only available for Mule 4 APIs using a MuleSoft-hosted control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automated policies are available only for Mule 4 APIs using a MuleSoft-hosted control plane.
```
